¶
It's all coming together.
I can smell it.
Well, your senses are
more attuned than mine.
It still just
smells like dirt to me.
You don't love
the scent of the garden?
It reminds me of
my grandmother's house.
It reminds me of the baseball
diamond when I was a kid.
Five years, never once managed
a hit beyond first base.
Oh, I booked a Michelin-star
chef to come teach the kids
a few dishes next week.
And how much is
that going to cost?
Oh, no, I paid in gratitude
and the promise of good press.
ght, I will be back
Now, later in the week.y of.
It's looking amazing.
Bye, Marcus.
Marcus: Bye.
¶ They paved paradise,
put up a parking lot ¶
¶ Oh, la-la-la ¶
¶ Oh, la... ¶
Hi.
How are was it at
the community garden?
It is so gorgeous.
Still a little rough, though,
but give it two more months,
we're gonna have tomatoes
as big as our hands.
I love it there.
I want to live in
a treehouse above the place.
Tea?
(phone ringing)
Hi, this is Hayley Hammond.
Hi, Hayley, this is
Sasha Raymond from Zen Forward.
Hi, Sasha,
it's so nice to hear from you.
I'm thrilled to let you know
Growing Out is a finalist
for our quarter-million
dollar grant.
Oh, Sasha, thank you so much.
We are so thrilled.
Good. My assistant will
reach out in the morning
and we'll set up the first
meeting for the last stage.
Looking forward to it.
Just send your eligibility form
and we'll be good to go.
Already on it.
Yes, I see we
have most of them.
We're just waiting for
the office requirement.
A permitted office space?
Yes, we will take care
of that right away.
Wonderful. Talk soon!
Talk soon. Bye.
(both laughing)
We don't have a permit.
What about that person you know
over at the mayor's office?
I still think they're gonna tell
us it's gonna take a few weeks.
We need something faster.
Come on, Doug. You know
there's no better home for your
charity dollars than right here.
You're helping kids,
it's a no brainer.
You've always
been my rock, Doug,
and we could really use
the boost heading into Q3.
Great. Great, thanks.
I'll have Lucy
draw up the paperwork,
and let's set up
a basketball game for next week.
Okay. Thanks.
Throw that one on the street.
We have no room for it.
It's our contacts
from Kids in Coding.
Fine. Scan everything
and burn it.
(sighing)
I miss our big office
with a view of the river.
Well, since they're
imploding it this week,
the view should be outstanding.
Nowhere to sit, though.
Oh, can you set up
a basketball game for
me and Doug Purcell next week?
Why? You hate basketball.
I like it.
I'm just terrible at it.
Which means it's a good
opportunity for our donor
to feel like a winner.
Always thinking.
Always.
Not helping.
I will help you.
Thank you.
¶
We can't possibly
need an office space.
Marcus works
full-time at the farm
and Pete is always
out with the kids.
A shared office space.
Where it's loud and full
of people all the time.
No, they have enclosed offices.
We'll just have to commit for
a few months.
We can handle that.
My dating history
says otherwise.
Hey, can you check to
see if the tea strainer
is in the pile of stuff
in the hall closet?
Mm-hm.
Thanks.
Did you find it?
No, but I did find
this box of letters.
Really?
(laughing)
Oh, this must have been left
from the previous owners.
No, these aren't my letters.
What are they?
They're love letters.
¶ In a way I know
my heart is waking up ¶
¶ As all the walls
come tumbling down ¶
Hayley:
"I find I can think of
nothing but you, sweet Mari."
Should we really
be reading this?
This is someone's
innermost feelings.
This Marisol left
them here, Hayley.
They couldn't have
meant that much to her.
Or she was just
trying to get over him,
and they clearly
mattered more to him,
whoever the "Techie Poet" is.
No. No. If he didn't
even sign his real name,
he forfeits his rights to them.
Okay.
"Because the truth is,
with you I'm at my best.
I want to be the shiniest
version of myself.
I find I stand up straighter,
act kinder,
believe in people more."
He's a little over the top,
don't you think?
No, he's perfect. Keep reading.
"I think a lot about the day
when we met and how everything
went so perfectly,
like it was meant to be.
If I could go back in
time today, way before we met,
I'd search and find you right
away to form our loving duet."
He rhymes.
He's rhyming.
He's rhyming. He is a poet.
He's so passionate.
So passionate.
¶ I can feel you breathe ¶
Where is this place?
Elisa:
Should be right up by Cypress.
Oh, I found it.
Okay, you're sure this is
Sasha's Raymond's thing?
100%, but rhubarb
and boysenberry only.
Got it. Bye.
Hi, there. I am here looking
for a few flavors that come
highly recommended.
Rhubarb and boysenberry?
Sure. I only have
a couple of each today.
How many would you like?
I'll take all of them.
I'll wrap those up.
Hi! I'm looking for rhubarb jam?
I'm sorry, I just sold all
my jars to this young woman.
Hi, I don't know
how many you bought,
but I'd be very appreciative
if I could grab two off you.
(chuckling)
Well, she only has two of them.
Could I possibly trouble you
to switch to another variety?
I'd be happy to pay for yours.
Oh, well, ordinarily,
I would say yes,
but I really do
need these today.
So do I. My sister is
having a really bad week
and it's the only thing
that makes her feel better.
Rhubarb jam?
Childhood favorite.
Rhubarb is medicinal.
Not many people know that.
She's sick and it's
the only thing that helps.
Is she sick or
is she having a bad week?
Both?
Well, I sincerely hope
that she feels better.
I really do need that jam.
Do you even have a sister?
No, but I wasn't
lying about the rest.
Why don't you just tell
the jam lady that you need some
for tomorrow and she'll
make you some tonight?
Have a nice day, sir.
(sighing)
Hi, again. What's your
next most popular flavor?
Apricot and blackberry.
A couple of each, please.
Got it.
Thanks so much.
Really?
Listen to this part.
"I've never thought of love
as magic, and I don't know.
Love isn't rare.
It doesn't mask
the bad parts of the world.
It changes
the light around them,
makes you see
what's truly important."
But can you still make
your deadline when you are
lost in someone
else's love story?
It does not say that.
No, I know, but we need to
get this paperwork done at
the workshare by five in order
for us to get this grant.
Fine.
¶ I promise that you'll
never find another like me ¶
¶ I know that
I'm a handful baby, uh ¶
¶ I know I never
think before I jump ¶
¶ And you're the kind of
guy that ladies want ¶
Hayley:
Paperwork!
¶ I know that
I'm a psycho on the phone ¶
¶ I never leave
well enough alone ¶
¶ And trouble's
gonna follow where I go ¶
¶ And there's a lot of
cool chicks out there ¶
¶ But one of these things
is not like the others ¶
¶ Like a rainbow with
all of the colors ¶
¶ Baby doll,
when it comes to a lover ¶
¶ I promise that you'll
never find another like me ¶
$800 a month still seems steep.
Not if we get the grant.
And if we don't?
I don't understand those words.
Hayley Hammond?
Nathan. Hi.
This is my business partner,
Elisa Barr.
I understand you
run a non-profit.
Yeah, we do. We get inner city
kids out into the wilds of
nature and expose them
to gardening and sports
and all sorts of things.
The messier the better.
I love it. Come and let me
show you where you'll be.
Great.
Oh, no.
What?
The woman over there,
I might have tried to hustle her
out of some jam yesterday.
Excuse me?
Well, I tried to get
the rhubarb stuff you suggested
but she'd bought all of it.
So, I might have lied to her
to try and get her
to sell it to me.
Oh, hey there,
new office-sharer.
Sorry I lied to your face, but
I'm really a great guy
when jam politics
aren't involved.
Josh:
Maybe if I just...
The wall is glass.
Hayley:
How's your sister doing?
Much better, thank you.
She's expected to make
a full imaginary recovery.
My thoughts are with her
during this very tough time.
How's the jam?
It was a gift.
And you couldn't have
found another gift
and let me have that one?
And you couldn't have told me
the truth in your effort to
convince me?
Fair enough.
Josh Burns, by the way.
Hayley Hammond. Have you been
working here a while?
About a week. Our super cool
loft office got sold to
a developer and is being
pulverized to dust as we speak.
Ah, the ballad of the big city.
Well, my partner, Elisa, and I
we're also here for
the foreseeable future too.
Cool.
Well, if you need
anything in your cube, pod--
Dungeon?
Right. Just let me know.
I will.
Yeah, okay.
Well, it's nice to actually,
finally meet you, Josh.
You, too.
¶
Elisa, you hopeless romantic.
"I know you're away
for work until next week,
but I keep having to stop
myself from buying you
little things.
Techie Poet:
"Your favorite smoothie,
"a cookie from
the bakery down the block.
"You're a part of me, one I
feel almost like a muscle."
He's sappy, but the guy
is definitely sweet.
Man:
Saw your dad out the other day.
He's looking great.
You'd never know he had
a heart attack less than
six months ago, that's for sure.
He asked if I could
introduce you to anyone nice.
Some things never change.
Did he really say "nice?"
That doesn't sound like him.
His exact words were,
"Do you know any
appropriate girls for Joshua?"
See, that sounds like him.
I promise, I didn't tell him
about the fantastic women
you refuse to let
me set you up with.
Thank you.
He seems to see my singlehood
as some sort of
outstanding transaction.
It wouldn't hurt to
get out there again.
I've just got
Mainframe up and running.
I don't have time for
personal relationships.
This is the third non-profit
you've started in the ten years
since we graduated.
It's not a new thing.
If you don't find time,
it won't magically appear.
Who says I need anything more?
I'm just saying,
you can't marry your job.
Maybe I'll get married,
maybe I won't,
but I'm more concerned with
being happy than trying to
fulfill someone else's
idea of perfection.
But are you happy?
You really have been
talking to my dad.
(laughing)
Hah! They got you too!
Did anything juicy happen?
They hiked Machu Picchu,
they talked about having babies,
they even looked at
houses outside the city,
but it's so depressing.
Why? How do we know
they didn't end up together?
Read.
"I love seeing you in the ring.
I remember my grandmother
packing it away
and thinking it was sweet..."
Techie Poet:
"But not understanding
the importance of it all.
Not until I saw it
on your hand."
See?
What? They got engaged.
The engagement obviously
meant more to him.
Our poor boyfriend's
gonna have his heart broken.
A, you don't know that
and B, now we have equal
ownership over this romance?
Yes, yes. I am totally hooked.
Well, keep reading. I want to
know what happens next.
Can we do it tomorrow?
I want to at least think that
they ended up together
just for a few more hours.
Maybe they did. Maybe they
bought one of those houses
and that's why
the woman sold the condo.
Do you think she would've
left these letters here
if this had a happy ending?
You have got to be kidding me.
So, that explains
the rhubarb jam.
Why didn't you tell me
why you needed it
when you met me
the first time?
Would you have given
it to me if I had?
Absolutely not.
I didn't think so.
I know you from somewhere.
Did you do that Ted X about
communing with nature?
Yes, I did, and I take it
you're more of an indoor guy?
I run and play sports,
but, yeah, I'm a techie,
so the sun kind of gets in the
way of me playing on my tablet.
Oh, the pesky sun,
providing so much vitamin D
and electricity.
Josh and Hayley.
Both:
Hey.
I'm Sasha Raymond.
Hi.
Nice to meet you, Sasha.
Nice to meet you.
So nice to meet you.
You know each other?
Um.
Oh, well, Hayley is
the co-founder of Growing Out,
which takes city kiddos
outside to experience
farms and fresh air,
and Josh is the head
of Mainframe, which takes kids
and gives them the opportunity
to work and play
with the latest tech.
Mm-hm.
Let's go inside and get to
know each other better.
Great.
Josh:
So, really, we've been pushing
beyond the standard practice
of "homework on the tablet"
for kids.
It's pretty limiting.
Interesting. What are your
thoughts on that, Hayley?
Well, I can give you thirty
different opinions on fertilizer
or how children needing sunshine
to help calibrate their eyes,
but I don't really know a lot
about technology and kids.
Alright, well, that answers
my questions for now.
Although, I know I'll have
a million of them pop up
soon enough. I want this
to be a simple process.
You both have until
Friday to put together
a full visual proposal,
and then we will assemble here,
the five of us, and explore your
non-profit's futures together.
I hope to fund pretty
quickly after that.
Mainframe is beyond
excited to be in the mix.
Zen Forward is such
an industry leader,
it'd be great synergy.
Well, I'm looking forward to it.
It is incredible that a tech
company is looking to preserve
these fundamental
parts of our humanity.
Of course. We love what you do.
Alright, I guess we will put
together a proposal time.
We very much look forward
to seeing you again very soon.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
And by the way,
I really appreciate the gifts
from both of you.
I guess my addiction to
Mary Ann's Jams
is known far and wide.
(both chuckling)
Alright, um, you headed
back to the office?
We could share a car.
I really don't think
we should be fraternizing
with the competition.
I understand why you might
be worried, but I'm not.
I'm not worried.
Oh, and I meant to tell you.
Sasha, she hates apricots
and she's allergic
to blackberries.
(sighing)
Of course she is.
And really, synergy?
Yes, synergy, and you?
Kids needing their eyes
calibrated? What is that?
It's true.
You should look it up.
See you back at the cube.
Okay, we need to hit the ground
running with this pitch.
Set up a time with
Marcus and the kids.
Thursday is a farm field trip,
so maybe we can tag along.
Although, I think that's gonna
be too late for the turnaround.
(sniffling)
Part of me desperately wants to
know what happens to the Poet
and the other part
knows that we need
to set everything up
immediately.
It's so sad!
Oh. Oh, honey.
What is?
Read it!
"How have you evaporated
from my life without a trace?
Techie Poet:
I call and you don't answer.
You always answer.
I was worried enough
to stop by your condo,
but you never
answered the door.
You know I'm not
the one to barge right in.
Hey. So, I was thinking,
given the situation--
Elisa, this is Josh Burns.
He belongs to the office
five yards that way,
and he so happens to be
our competition for
the Zen Forward grant.
Oh, wow, um, hi.
Did I come at a bad time?
No, but knocking
is generally appreciated.
Right. Sorry.
(knocking)
(chuckling)
So given the situation...
Oh, I was going to suggest
no spying.
Because we're going to win
the grant.
Mainframe wins most of what
we go after.
Well, that's because
you've never competed
against us before.
We don't lose, either.
So, no spying?
We wouldn't.
We don't need to.
Great! Nice to meet you, Elisa.
(laughing)
(water trickling)
I hear you're pitching
at Zen Forward.
Patty Sullivan's
on the board,
I could put in
a good word for you.
Mm, a good word, sure,
but no more than that.
We're doing quite well
on our own.
I know you are.
I'm not trying to interfere,
I just want to help.
Oh, then can you lend me
some of the seeds
from your lavender garden?
There's this little girl,
the program director said
she wants to use them
to help her make this fancy
lemonade she saw on YouTube.
Aw, done.
I'll bring them over
the next time I see you.
So, tomorrow?
You know, you say that
like it's a bad thing.
No, not at all.
It's just we're two single
ladies in a big city, alone.
(laughing)
You know, we have to stick
together.
Well, there's three of us,
including Elisa. Three.
How is she?
How's she doing?
How does she like
her new apartment?
It's Elisa.
She doesn't really talk
about stuff like that.
You know, everything is fine,
she can manage.
She doesn't need help.
I slipped her doorman a 20
and a coffee cake
just to keep a special eye
on her.
I can't imagine what you would
do if I had a doorman.
And about that, why are you
still living in a walk-up?
It's what I can afford.
And I am proud of how hard
I worked to get it.
And for the millionth time,
it's in a great neighborhood.
Well, if I can't interfere
in your work life
and your home life,
I'm just going to have to start
stalking your love life.
Okay, great,
we can discuss my love life,
which basically consists of me
living vicariously through
other people's love lives.
Which reminds me, what is this
I'm hearing about you
and the guy who runs
the butcher shop downtown?
Mom!
Oh!
(laughing)
But why aren't you dating?
What about that guy that was
doing the morning show?
Oh, he worked really
weird hours.
It was hard to make plans.
You're never going to meet
anyone
if you keep inventing problems.
Okay, it wasn't the hours.
There just wasn't enough there
to justify working around them.
And sometimes, you have to give
people a chance
to make it worth the effort.
No, I give plenty of people
plenty of chances.
I'm just...
I'm not into anyone right now.
And that's what concerns me.
Everything concerns you.
You think my windows
are too thin.
You know,
it's perfectly natural
to still feel heartbreak
after a year.
I know,
but I'm over Daniel. I am.
It does get better,
especially when the real thing
comes along.
You are worse than Elisa!
And your windows do need to be
replaced with double-paned.
(laughing) Okay!
Can we just go back to talking
about the very good-looking
butcher?
since Dad passed.15 years
I want you to be happy.
So, if you meet a good-looking
guy that's nice,
I want to hear about it.
¶
Hayley:
I thought you had a date.
I did, but he's a dog-walker.
He had to leave by 8 to,
you know, walk all the dogs.
Oh!
You took the letters!
What?
Oh, I have the last couple.
I thought you were allergic
to dogs.
Well, they're not his dogs,
so...
The last two.
It's short.
"I saw your brother at the movie
theater the other night.
"He came over
and gave me a hug,
said he was
sorry for what happened."
Techie Poet:
"But what did happen?
"If I've caused
you some unknowing pain,
"I want so badly to fix it.
And if not,
I just want to know."
It is crazy, right?
Who would do that?
Who would do this?
¶
Video:
And that's how we'll break
the chains of poverty.
Have you seen the promo video
for last year's grant recipient?
Yeah, it's unbelievable.
We don't have anything
like that.
How much design money is left?
Five grand or so.
Do you want to call Devin Flores
and check and see if he's free?
Yes! See if he can meet
for lunch tomorrow.
What happened to last year's
grant recipient?
Why aren't they in the running?
They were fully funded
by a few Fortune 500s.
Ten million or so.
Okay, maybe we can find a little
more money for graphics.
Right.
We have to mail it back to him,
both for sentimental reasons
and because I'm pretty sure
that it cost a lot of money.
And then, he'll fall in love
with your wit and charm,
and you'll meet right here
in real life,
under a gently falling rain.
'l latst sight,
primedyo words.
Okay, or he'll just say
"thank you so much"
and we'll never speak again
because, you know,
he's like a total stranger.
After all of this,
you don't believe in love?
you still do?
Besides, I am already
ahead of you.
What did you say?
I asked if he wanted it back.
(giggling)
¶
Hayley:
Dear Techie Poet.
You don't know me.
I'm the proud new owner of
Marisol Yvonne's former condo,
and I'm quite embarrassed
to let you know
that I have found your letters,
and what I assume was a very
special gift
you'd like returned to you.
I have no way of knowing
if you still live here,
or even that you've truly
parted ways with Marisol.
Nothing would make me happier
than knowing the two of you
have run away together.
If you'd like the letters
and gift back,
please let me know.
Signed, Your Granola
Fairy Godmother.
The type of graphics you're
talking about aren't cheap.
On this time frame, I'll need
to bring an animator in
to take the more intensive code.
I get that,
but cheap doesn't win grants.
I want the best animations
we can get, within reason.
Okay.
Is everything okay, man?
I've never seen you
this worried about a pitch.
Oh, everything's fine.
Thank you, though.
Just, there's some other
things going on,
which is why I really want
to nail this proposal.
Do you have
an animator you trust?
Uh, yeah, yeah. Here.
No animation.
Have you seen the video last
year's winners put out?
I did, and they're working
on food-supply chains
to third-world countries,
their graphics make sense.
But we deal with children -
grassroot, organic efforts.
I want them on screen
as much as possible.
Do we know a videographer?
I don't think a photographer's
going to be enough.
I'll get on the phone.
Okay, I'm going to head down
to the mayor's office
and see if I can get anyone on
camera willing to vouch for us.
Good luck.
You got this.
I got this!
How's the pitch coming?
Nearly done.
Hmm, are you trying to
intimidate me?
Are you intimidated?
No such luck.
No spying!
I'm not.
You think this girl found your
grandmother's engagement ring?
Marisol wasn't big into gifts,
so I can't imagine what else
it could be.
You're going to ask for it back,
right?
Of course.
But honestly, I can't believe
she left it in the condo
when she moved.
Who does that?
It's taken you nearly a year
to get over her, Josh.
Don't-don't let this drag
you back down.
I just don't want to think
about her.
I want to take the non-profit,
turn it into a juggernaut,
and forget she ever existed.
Except that's not who you are.
Maybe it would be easier
if I knew what happened.
Ghosting me after three years?
It really messed with my head.
Unless this Granola Fairy woman
also found un-mailed letters
from Marisol,
explaining in detail
what went wrong
and why she ran away,
you're never going to get the
kind of closure that you want.
Write this woman back.
Let her return your family ring.
Put Marisol behind you.
Easier said than done.
One more game?
(groaning)
I should head home.
Same time next week?
You got it.
(sighing)
¶
Well, that was fast.
(phone ringing)
Elisa:
Are you alive?
Because if you are, it's too
early to be calling me.
I am, and it's after 10 a.m.,
so you should be awake.
I was up till three.
There's a letter
from the poet guy.
I'll be across the street
in two minutes.
Wait, no.
This needs croissants.
Meet me downstairs
in five.
Fifteen.
Ten.
Deal! (squealing)
"Hello, my Fairy Godmother!
"What an unexpected letter
to receive.
"I fear you have me at something
of a disadvantage.
"It seems you know
so much about me
and I know nothing about you."
Reading his words again,
he sounds like a runaway
from a Victorian-era drama.
(laughing)
Shh, you're ruining it!
I'm hoping your letter means
you've found my grandmother's
engagement ring.
A solitaire,
which is all I really know
about those kinds of things.
The letters, you can keep.
Burn them in a ceremony,
write a Broadway musical,
whatever you like.
They belong to a different
version of this poet.
But the ring, well, I would
appreciate that back.
Your ever-grateful Techie Poet.
Oh, my goodness, the ring,
it was his grandmother's?
You have to fall in love with
this man and heal his heart.
Or maybe he's already moved on.
Maybe he's with someone else, or
maybe he's even become a monk.
I'm telling you, this is fate.
Okay, slow your roll,
Scarlett O'Hara.
We're just gonna get the ring
back to the poor guy,
and that is all
I am signing up for.
(giggling)
I have to go.
Are you sure you don't want
to go to the movies
with me and Candace?
You know I love a reason
to escape,
but I have errands to run.
You're adulting too hard
for a Saturday.
Hmm, possibly.
Tell Candace I say hi.
Will do.
(typing)
Following 400 celebs,
followed by three bots.
Techie Poet:
"The crux of the issue
as I see it
"is that humanity
is largely blind."
Oh, it's so you!
(beeping)
Hayley:
Hey there.
This is kind of a long shot,
but would you happen to be the
Techie Poet of Marisol lore?
Well, hello.
What are the workforce
challenges we'll face
in the next 15 years?
Automation, AI.
Our workers need to be
prepared.
You're talking about children.
Kids are capable of
so much more
than we give them credit for.
Their imaginations
can manifest things
that we, as adults,
can't even fathom.
And the best way to help them
is to give them the tools
they need to create.
Fair point, I guess.
I've done a thing.
You know the Techie Poet guy?
As much as I know him
not at all, yes.
You've been writing him.
I'm pretty sure
that I haven't been.
Well, I have, but as you.
It seems our friend has a hidden
little Twitter account.
And so do you now!
"Hey there.
This is kind of a long shot,
but would you happen to be the
Techie Poet of Marisol lore?"
"You found me! Clever!
Not so truly analog, are we?"
"Says the Techie Poet who wrote
his girlfriend via snail mail."
You have been writing him
this whole day?
He's charming,
and kind of adorable.
Then, you should be
the Fairy Godmother.
You're so crazy about
this whole story.
He's not my type,
but he is yours.
If nice is not your type,
we need to have a serious
conversation.
I'm dating the dog-walker.
No! No, please, marry the poet,
and live in nineteenth-century
bliss.
I'll knit you an afghan
detailing your love.
(phone dinging)
He's talking.
He says...
Josh:
I need you to tell me
the truth here.
How horrible was it
reading my sappy,
overemotional letters?
Believe me, I'm very glad
you took pity on me
and offered to return
the ring,
but it's a little mortifying
trying to remember
everything I said, and
knowing you've read it all.
Respond to him, now!
You do realize this is
a stranger, right?
He's just a broken-hearted guy
who rightly seems a tad insecure
at the moment.
Ugh, fine!
Uh...
(typing)
You were expressing
your feelings
to a woman you loved.
It's honest and vulnerable,
not sappy.
And if someone doesn't see
that,
they're not the right person
for you.
See? You're perfect
for each other.
(dinging)
If only you could've shared
this wisdom with me
18 months ago.
This is a terrible idea.
You don't know each other.
What do you have to lose?
(phone dinging)
Josh:
It feels bizarre that we could
walk right by each other
and not even know it.
Hayley:
I've spent my whole life
in this city
and I don't actually know
where your street is.
You could just use
the maps on your phone.
Who says my carrier pigeons
aren't honing in on you now?
I'm happy to tell you
whatever you like.
You don't need to send
your pigeon spies.
Are you still in love
with Marisol?
I don't think so.
Is that terrible?
Of course not.
We move on.
Experiences change us.
Trust is a funny thing.
So tough to earn,
so easy to lose.
So, you're one of those people
who only trusts yourself?
Ha! Not at all.
I sometimes have more faith
in the few people close to me
than I do in myself.
Are we exchanging real names
or identifying details?
Is it all right
if I say not yet?
Of course.
(phone dinging)
Is there a deadline
to our online masquerade?
Maybe we'll remain secret
friends forever,
discussing the mysteries
of the universe
and the worst flavors
of ice cream.
Earl Grey.
There's no question there.
(laughing)
Oh, come on!
Earl Grey ice cream
is delicious!
No!
It tastes like old tea bags!
(laughing)
What's so funny?
Nothing, just a meme Alex sent.
Josh!
Less memes, more work.
Copy.
This could be some kind of scam.
You don't think she'll actually
send you the ring back?
She already did.
A courier showed up
at my house at nine a.m.
This girl paid for a courier.
I doubt it's a scam.
She seems cool from those
messages.
She does,
but anyone can seem cool
when they have time to plan
what they're going to say.
You sound very un
-Josh-like.
You love the mystery
of this kind of stuff.
I like talking to her,
that's true.
But I just wish I had the same
kind of faith I used to
that things would
magically work out.
The Josh I've known
since college
would tell me even detours
are leading you somewhere.
And somehow, that's led me
to a disappearing fiancée
and an office building
being turned to rubble.
But old Josh would say
it's paving the way
to something better.
Old Josh was usually right.
You're probably right.
Marcus: Thyme, basil,
all that kind of stuff.
Now, I know it's tempting
to just want to rip
the tomatoes off,
but they're very delicate.
What you want to do is lightly
twist while you're pulling.
That way, the tomato
will come right off
and you won't damage the vine.
Look at that! Great work!
That's amazing, nice!
(chuckling) Nice job!
You're learning so fast.
Now, we can use this with
other fruits and vegetables.
Um, apples, strawberries,
pumpkins.
Mother Nature knows what to do.
And that's our pitch.
We teach our kids
to respect her,
work alongside her
without getting in her way.
Yeah  Is there anything else
I can do for you?
No, but thank you.
No spying!
(scoffing)
(phone dinging)
Josh:Sometimes I think
consideration is a lost art.
Hayley:
I don't think it is at all.
We're in a new era.
It's not just about what
you need,
it's about deciding
what's truly an issue
and what comes down
to individual choices.
Josh:
Now, that is wise.
(text whooshing)
Oh, Hayley?
Hi, me again!
Um, do you mind doing
your meeting in your office?
Because we have a graphic
designer coming in
and we could really use
the space.
We have our entire programs team
coming in today.
I can't fit that in my office.
We could really use the space,
though.
And if it was just Elisa and I,
I would totally let you guys
have it,
but you have one designer
and we have four people coming
in with sports equipment
and a few pieces of gardening,
and t-shirt mock-ups.
I can't fit that in my cube.
Fair enough.
Lucy, do you mind doing our
meeting in the common area?
I guess not.
Great, not a problem.
Great.
(both laughing insincerely)
Thanks.
Yeah.
I kind of like Josh Burns...
sometimes, sometimes.
But he also drives me bananas.
He's always in the office.
He's there when I get in,
and he's there when I leave.
He sounds like a worker bee.
What's wrong with that?
It just makes me feel like
I'm not working hard enough.
Well, maybe his job doesn't take
him out of the office
as much as yours does.
And this might come
as a big shock,
but he might not even notice
whether you're in the office
or out of the office.
He doesn't like the smell of
my incense, for some reason.
Hayley, it's really strong!
Even for me, and I like it.
Oh, no one likes the smell
of my incense.
There must be something good
about this guy.
Well, he's really good
at what he does.
Aha, and that's what's
driving you nuts.
You're always the most ambitious
person on the grant hunt.
Maybe you've met your match.
And maybe we'll lose.
Rise to the challenge.
That's all you can do.
(phone dinging)
Josh:
How was your day?
Hayley:
Is "ugh" a descriptive
enough response?
Because ugh.
Anything I can do to help?
I am an ugh whisperer.
Not unless you run
a magic wand repair service.
Mine seems to be
all out of pixie dust.
Just because you didn't get
your way on a couple of things
doesn't mean you're out
of magic.
I'm fine.
I'm just a little overwhelmed
and trying to find my voice
again.
If it's any consolation,
I hear you loud and clear.
Oh!
(laughing)
Looks like we're a little bit
too focused on our work.
Work?
I was playing a puzzle game.
Oh, that sounds a lot
more fun
than looking at
cheaper prices of dirt.
Hazards of the job.
Is dirt expensive?
Oh, yeah,
everything's expensive,
especially when you say
the words "non-profit."
Right?
It's like they see you
coming and up their price.
That's why when I email, I do
it from a personal account.
Then, there's no way
for an up-charge.
Smart.
Oh, thanks.
Um, and I'm really sorry
about the incense.
I didn't think it would
bother anyone.
Oh, I'm sorry for being
overly sensitive.
I have a nose
like a Bassett hound.
Looks like a pretty average
guy nose to me.
Thanks.
(phone dinging)
Oh!
I think this is yours.
Thank you.
Looks like a fun game.
Hayley, wait, I'm...
Hey, you didn't respond
to my message.
We're going to get this grant,
it just makes sense.
Yes, thank you for that.
Hayley saw your message
on my phone.
Oh, no.
I don't know how to fix this.
Say you're sorry,
and then, if she doesn't
accept it, oh well!
This is a competition, Josh.
Someone has got to lose,
and if there's a choice,
I'd rather we be the winners.
Okay, we need to work
on your bedside manner.
¶
Did the poet say
something weird?
What? Why?
Because you look like
you're trying to crawl
out of your own skin.
I wish it was the poet.
That way, I could block
and forget he even existed.
I saw a message on Josh's phone
from his assistant
saying that Mainframe
is a better charity
because all we do
is plant tomatoes.
But our produce goes
to soup kitchens!
You're not upset about this,
just a little bit?
I think she's scared, actually.
That's something
I've never considered.
Everybody and their brother
are giving kids tablets,
you know this.
But even schools are cutting
field trips and gardens.
You know what,
you are so right about this.
What we're doing
is the next thing.
It's the renaissance of nature,
rescuing kids from losing touch
from the outdoors.
Don't let her intimidate you.
No, we're going to win this,
us with our tiny, little,
cute veggie plants.
(laughing)
Marcus in video:Don't just see
one individual plant.
See them working in concert,
using resources together.
(phone dinging)
Josh:
It's my turn for "ugh".
What do you do when you realize
you've been a colossal tool
and need to make amends?
As I'm a perfectly lovely
person at all times,
I wouldn't know.
Wink emoji.
Is that a fact?
Not at all.
I have my moments like
everyone else.
Did you try just saying
you were sorry?
Maybe in the vaguest,
most humiliated sense.
So, no.
It's not revolutionary advice,
my dear poet.
Swallow your pride,
and assume the feeling is far
worse on the other side.
Are you a life coach
and is this conversation
really a long sales pitch
to hire you
for your services?
I'm a better sales person
than that.
You wouldn't see me coming.
Probably not.
Is that a challenge?
Is that an invitation?
Alex says put yourself
out there...
Good work, terrible poet.
(knocking)
I wouldn't try any corporate
espionage if I were you.
Although, I don't think
your pitch would work
with giant photos of tomatoes.
I'm sorry,
that message was catty and mean.
Yeah, it was.
I could try to apologize
by saying I didn't write it
or respond to it.
I think I've heard
a similar sentiment
come out of your mouth
before.
I don't feel that way at all.
I'm intimidated by you,
and I've been trying
to throw you off your game.
Is that an apology?
I am sorry.
(laughing)
I'm sorry you had to read it
and that it was said.
And I let Lucy know
it's not okay.
You're intimidated by us?
Well, by you, more specifically.
You're calm and focused,
and you have this
"when I talk, people listen"
quality about you.
Really?
Yeah.
Not to mention, what you're
doing is incredible.
Taking the things that have been
stripped out of schools
and you're trying to--
Put them back
and preserve them, yeah.
Yeah.
Your first two non-profits
hit $1 million in funding
in their first year.
That is unheard of.
Mainframe hasn't been
quite as fast.
People are much more
resistant to putting tech
into the hands of kids
than I thought.
I find that surprising.
My cousin's kids
are in kindergarten
and they already know
how to code,
but they don't have a stitch
of grass to play on.
And see,
that's exactly the issue.
People feel like
it's oversaturated,
but kids don't need
to be told what to do,
and that's a mistake
we're making.
They need to discover it
for themselves.
Zen Forward, they get you.
You have nothing to worry about.
But you don't get me?
I actually think I do.
We're a lot like each other.
We're competitive,
ambitious...
Mm-hmm.
..and we both are...
pretty decent people.
Yeah, and I'm really starting to
see the value in what you do.
Ouch!
I really am kidding.
Kidding.
You're changing the world, Josh.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Well, I'll let you get back
to your tomatoes.
Yeah, tomatoes!
(laughing awkwardly)
Yeah.
Good night.
(giggling)
So, you just didn't respond
to the poet's invitation?
Well, we don't know if he and I
would get along in real life.
Yeah, that's what
you're worried about.
Elisa, I don't know.
What if none of this is real?
Then, I have to hand it
to Poet and Marisol,
this is the most
elaborate ploy ever.
Hoping you'd maybe one day
open a random box,
then, spend days reading
someone else's letters
and get so emotionally
invested--
Okay, okay!
I know that I'm being silly.
I think you're playing it
too safe.
I mean, you take risks
in business.
It's time for you to take
some in your personal life, too.
Why does everyone always
say that?
I take so many risks!
I'm Hayley the risk-taker.
You back slowly out of the room
when a date sneezes.
And you don't walk away
from a guy
whose hobby makes your eyes
swell up.
It's his career, Hayley.
Look, I'll always be your old
lady canasta partner,
but you need some new friends.
More than friends.
And I think the poet
might just be the guy.
You need to meet the poet.
Just once.
And if you don't hit it off,
fine.
Fine?
(sighing)
Okay, I'll meet him.
Yes!
Ooh!
Hayley:
Hey.
About last night...
No, don't say that.
(phone dinging)
Josh:
Clearly I freaked you out
last night.
I shouldn't have asked.
And I shouldn't have
blown you off.
I'm sorry.
I just got nervous.
No pressure from me.
We can stay secret friends,
just like you first said.
No.
We should meet.
Soon?
But I'm a little
swamped at work,
so maybe we could table the
serious talk until next week?
But how will I ever discover
whether you say it "ketchup"
or "catsup"?
(laughing)
Soon.
Is that enough?
What more could I ask for?
Videos of kids hiking, talking
about their time outdoors.
The clip with Marcus.
Your segue into being partners
with Mother Nature.
But carefully avoiding
the insinuation
that progress is bad.
We need technology and humanity
to walk hand in hand.
What if we didn't tell them?
We just showed them.
I'm pretty sure Sasha Raymond
doesn't want to trudge out
to the farm upstate.
No, but she's super
into that artisanal jam.
So, what if we picked
a basket full of produce,
brought it in that morning as a
visual of what our kids can do?
I like it.
Maybe they even take the food
home with them.
They don't need Josh and
Mainframe to give them tablets,
they already have those.
But if Sasha's making a salad
with our ingredients,
she'll end the day
thinking about Growing Out.
Brilliant.
Brilliant!
Oh, we got this.
Yes!
Marisol?
Hi.
How did you find me?
Lucy gave me the new address.
I was hoping we could talk?
Let's grab a coffee.
There's not a lot
of privacy here.
Okay.
I guess I should start
with an apology.
I'm sorry.
Truly.
How I left was cowardly
and weak.
And cruel.
That's fair.
That wasn't my intention,
but you're right.
So, what happened?
Did you fall
out of love with me,
or did I do
something terribly wrong
and somehow I didn't realize?
No, nothing like that.
You know how I always wanted
to live in other countries.
Japan and Southeast Asia,
and anywhere else
that would have me.
When we first started dating,
yeah.
But then, you stopped
talking about it.
Except I didn't really
change my mind.
We got engaged
and I got scared,
thinking of sake
and cherry blossom trees
and how now I'd never see them.
How we'd have babies
and I'd be drowning
in diapers and pacifiers.
I got scared, I'm sorry.
So, you've been in Japan
the last year?
I have.
I found a cheap ticket
and I just...
Ran.
Yeah.
Why'd you take the ring
when you left?
Why didn't you just
send it back?
I lost it.
It wasn't intentional,
I swear.
I left so quickly,
I had to hire a moving company
to pack everything up.
I sent my brother to go through
my storage unit,
and that's when I realized
it was gone.
Please believe me when I say
I feel terrible.
I know how much
your grandmother meant to you.
I'm so sorry.
It's not gone.
It's in my apartment.
The person that bought
the condo after you,
they found it
and sent it to me.
That's a miracle.
Yeah.
It's almost like a sign.
If it is a sign,
I don't think it's the sign
you're looking for.
You really think after
everything,
we can't make it work?
I don't think we should try,
Marisol.
So, you're saying you don't
still love me?
I'm saying I'm a different
person than I was a year ago.
And so are you.
If you weren't happy
being stuck here before,
you're gonna feel
the same way again.
Coffee?
Uh, no, thanks?
Is that an answer
or a question?
Sorry, I'm stressed.
I probably don't need
any more caffeine.
You're going to do
amazing tomorrow,
no matter what happens.
Thank you.
This week flew by.
Tea.
Lemon balm tea to calm
and relax you.
Then, you can go back
to your effort
to crush me in the boardroom.
It's futile, but Zen Forward
will appreciate the effort.
Here you are.
Steep for about ten minutes
and it will be good to drink.
Thanks.
You should host a clinic
on using nature to soothe
the savage urban beast.
You should see my remedies
for colds.
Buck up, buttercup.
It's almost over.
I can't believe you didn't
tell me
about this poet guy until now.
I thought it was just gonna be
a few-day adventure, tops.
And now, I don't really know
what it is.
So, you left it like that?
You've agreed to meet the poet,
but you don't know when?
Well, there hasn't really been
a lot of chatting today.
If any.
I don't know what to say
at this point,
and maybe he feels the same way.
You've broken the spell.
What?
In the beginning, relationships
exist in a bubble.
I haven't had much
online dating experience,
but I imagine that the bubble
is even stronger
because you don't have
the real world
sticking its head in
all the time.
But once the bubble bursts -
in your case, when you guys
started talking about meeting -
then there's an adjustment
period,
and the world catches up
pretty suddenly.
How do you get past that?
Can you get past that?
Mm-hmm, with work.
Depends whether you want
to move into a new phase,
that's messier and stickier,
or do you just want to carry on
and search for a new bubble?
Is that what my problem is?
I'm always looking for
the bubble?
Oh!
No, Hayley, I don't think
that's your issue.
I think you're wary of
the bubble, almost too wary.
You wait for relationships
to explode,
and sometimes you just push them
enough to make it happen.
Then, how do I stop myself?
Write him back.
Okay.
Don't let silence be
your message, darling.
But Mom, what if he's not
interested in life,
and the world beyond the bubble?
Well, then you'll know.
Hey.
Hope you had a great day.
Too casual?
(text whooshing)
(phone ringing)
Elisa:
What did you have
to say on the phone
that couldn't have been said
in 17 texts?
You never read my texts.
Wait, are you in bed?
Yes.
We have a big day tomorrow.
Josh, he said
something to me today
that seemed like a throwaway,
but it has me thinking...
That we can talk
about it tomorrow?
That we can spend the next
twenty minutes exploring it now
in case we want to
add it to the pitch.
Ugh. You'd better bring
extra coffee in tomorrow.
I always do.
You're not going
to respond to her?
Yesterday you were
all about this girl.
Well, that's just it.
After talking to Marisol,
I'm starting to wonder if I
actually have feelings
for this Fairy Godmother or I
just love the idea of it all -
some way to live the best parts
of an old relationship.
How was it,
seeing Marisol again?
Are you sure you don't still
have feelings for her?
Should I get back with her?
No! No, not at all.
I just...
I want you to be more upfront
about dealing
with the emotional stuff
so it doesn't trip you up later.
It's time to
start dating again.
If not this Fairy Godmother,
then someone else.
About that... there is someone,
but it's kind of complicated.
When isn't it?
(beeping)
Boo.
Oh, come on! You can't bring
gifts to both meetings!
I know the rules of etiquette.
Besides, these aren't gifts.
Let's call this show and tell.
No peeking!
This at least has to
constitute a grey area.
I assure you I only deal in
bold, vibrant colors.
Hi, guys!
Both: Hey!
Are we ready?
Yeah.
Okay. Please join us
in the conference room.
Ladies first.
Thank you.
What do you do
when you're stressed?
Do you go take a hike?
Maybe you spend a few moments
at your garden window.
There are any number
of charities
across the world right now
putting computers and tablets
into the hands of kids.
But we're not everybody.
Why don't you
tell me about all this.
I looked at the spices
in my grandma's house
and I decided to grow them.
(Hayley gasping)
This one's basil.
This one's thyme -
it's really stinky.
And then,
this one's oregano.
When we added an app-making
class,
we expected the kids to make the
same old computer programs
that we made
in computer science.
But within a few weeks,
they were making games -
actual, playable games.
We've been holding
these kids back
by restricting
their access to technology.
Getting your hands into
the dirt is not only fun,
it sparks a lifelong curiosity
to the food we eat
and the world around us.
It breeds confidence
that we cannot teach.
These are the
voices of the future.
I don't want them playing
Aliens versus Spiders all day.
I want them to actually
understand how the game works,
how to solve problems.
Now, this right here
is not a gift.
No. It's a small,
very small percentage
of what our kids grew,
harvested just this morning.
Our kids,
they know what Swiss chard is
and they know how to cook it.
Now, I don't know about you,
but that was not a part of my
vocabulary when I was ten.
Because one day, this could
lead to the development
of a medical device that could
measure blood loss in real time.
The truth is we have more to
learn from these kids
than they can from us.
Use them. Take them home.
See what a few dozen hands
in the dirt gets you,
and think what
hundreds more can do.
I do not care if anyone
sees me in my sneakers.
Oh, you're prepared
for everything.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
Yeah.
Better?
So much better.
You were
Incredible in there.
Thanks. You, too.
Although, I'm a little
worried about children
leading a robot
takeover of the world.
That's exactly what
I'm trying to prevent, Hayley.
I guess I wasn't
as clear as I thought.
No. It's gonna be
a really tough decision.
I'm glad I'm not
the one making it.
(sighing)
Yeah.
Well, now that
you have your comfy shoes on,
you wanna walk
back to the office?
You know, I think I'm
going to play hooky
for the rest of the day.
Just please do not tell my boss.
I promise I won't say anything
to you about your day off.
Thanks. I'll see you Monday?
See you Monday.
Bye.
(phone beeping)
Hayley:
Hey. Hope you've had
a great day.
Josh:
Honestly, it's been
a weird 48 hours.
Hayley:
Need to talk about it?
Josh:
Marisol showed up.
She's been in
Japan the last year.
Hayley:
Wow. Are you okay?
Josh:
Yes and no.
I didn't realize until
I saw her
just how much I've kept my life
on hold since she left.
Hayley:
And now that you've
had some kind of closure,
do you think that you can
finally move on?
Josh:
Yeah, about that...
¶
How are you
even here right now?
And with
the exact same pizza.
Well, there's a lot
of possible answers to that -
fate, destiny...
Oh! You got that
pizza coupon text, right?
Yes, I did.
Well, maybe the employee's
name is Destiny?
Do you want to join me?
That is if you feel okay
dining with the enemy.
Well, we're done pitching,
So you're not the enemy anymore,
if you ever were.
Great.
Have a seat.
Thanks.
No problem.
It's delicious.
Oh, you've tried
this before?
Oh, many times.
It's my favorite thing to eat.
I've gotten the coupon
once or twice.
Oh, yeah.
You know what's so crazy?
Is I literally
see you every single day
and I don't know
anything about you.
You know, I don't know
anything about you, either.
Other than your almost
mystical connection to nature.
Well, it's not
really that mystical.
My mom had a rooftop garden when
I was a kid growing up uptown.
Still does, actually.
And I always thought it was so
cool and appreciated the fact
that a female stock market maven
grew herbs in her spare time.
See, I feel like knowing
this about your mother
explains so much about you.
(laughing)
Yep.
And what about you?
What was your family like?
Youngest of three brothers,
all of whom work for
my dad's accounting firm.
My mother was a librarian.
Oh, a librarian, interesting.
Yeah. Yep.
Okay. So, you were
a bookish kid.
Is this somehow
revelatory or...?
No. I just like picturing little
Josh with his nose in a book.
Nose in books, nose in the
local library computers,
trying to fix them
when their budgets
couldn't afford IT people.
Oh...
Really nerdy.
Nerdy, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
(chuckling)
But I guess we're both products
of our own upbringing.
Yes, exactly, which is
why I'm trying to instill
these values
to the children young.
I'm already on-board.
You don't have to
sell it anymore.
I believe you. I like it.
It's good.
Oh. Thanks.
Elisa:
"I've never thought of love as
ma "Love isn't rare.w.
"It doesn't mask the
bad parts of the world.
"It changes the
light around them,
"makes you see what's
truly important."
(sniffling)
(sighing)
¶
Well, this is me.
This is where I will
leave you for tonight.
You live here?
Like, right here?
(laughing)
Yes.
I promise you, it's a really
great neighborhood.
I know.
Lots of character here.
Yeah, I don't need the same
coffee shop every two blocks.
I really do love my
two-storey walk-up.
Nice.
Listen, Josh.
Whatever happens tomorrow,
good luck.
You too.
Thank you. Yep.
Thanks.
Good night.
¶
What did I just see?
I don't know.
I'm walking home
and I hear you laugh,
and I look over,
you're having a full on moment
with Mr. Might Walk Away
With Our Grant Money.
That is totally normal
to be spying on me
like a nosy sitcom neighbor.
I wasn't spying.
I was walking home.
Do you like Josh Burns?
What about the Poet?
I feel so out of the
loop all of a sudden.
The Poet dumped me.
Well, not really
because we never were
in a real life relationship.
But he realized he had feelings
for someone in his real life
and I thought...
so do I.
But you and The Poet
have so much in common.
Except that we don't.
We don't know a single
identifying thing
about each other
except our addresses.
So, Josh Burns?
Yeah, Josh Burns.
(giggling)
Say you date him,
what happens if we
compete against him again?
I don't know.
But I'm tired.
I think we should go to bed.
Or we could stay up
watching romantic comedies.
Oh, yeah!
That sounds so much better!
(sighing)
(phone beeping)
(camera shutter clicking)
Two dollars off the best
tiramisu in town.
It's after eleven.
Who's in charge of
sending these texts?
Got your favorite.
Thanks for coming out, man.
I know it's late.
Are you kidding?
I had to.
You think Hayley Hammond
is your Fairy Godmother?
I saw her building.
She has to be.
It's Marisol's.
Could they maybe just live in
the same co-op building?
It's a long shot,
but it could happen.
I saw the letters.
They were sitting
right there in her office.
(exhaling sharply)
Is this... good?
You liked both women
but now you find out you
really just like one woman.
I'd call that a win.
She lives in
Marisol's old condo.
She's read every sad,
weepy love letter
I've written to an ex-fiancée.
The first time she
invited me over for dinner,
I'd be really hard-pressed
not to run the other way.
Except you didn't seem
to care about that
when she was just
a voice from the internet.
Because I wasn't thinking
about it. It wasn't real.
I think my reaction
would be the same
if we ever progressed
to meeting face to face.
Look, I can't tell
you what to do.
But you know it isn't
easy to find someone
you really connect with,
and the universe keeps
throwing this woman in your path
again and again and again.
If you ignore it because
you're a little embarrassed--
Embarrassed? Try suffering
from abject humiliation.
(stammering)
All right, it's rough.
But you're being
a little over-dramatic.
She's read the best
and the worst of you
and she still likes you, Josh.
There's a lot
to be said for that.
Do you think that
Josh is avoiding me?
He's always in
the office by ten a.m.
If you continue to ask me,
I'm gonna start avoiding you.
(phone ringing)
It's Zen Forward.
Speakerphone or I never make you
my famous apple pie again.
I love you, but you buy that pie
from the bakery in Union Square.
Good morning, Sasha Raymond.
Sasha:
Hello there, Hayley.
I'm so excited to
be making this call.
(squealing happily)
That can't be good.
(screaming happily)
Act cool, act cool.
They love my plants!
(screaming happily)
Congratulations.
I just spoke
to Sasha Raymond.
Oh, Lucy, thanks so much.
Thank you.
And I have to tell you,
Josh's pitch was fantastic.
I'm a really big fan
of what you guys do.
Yeah, well,
it's wasn't a total loss.
Zen Forward did decide
to give us a small grant.
Fifty grand isn't two hundred
and fifty, but it's something.
That's amazing.
This will be tough
on Josh, though.
He fancies himself
this Techie Poet
who can talk anyone
into the powers of technology.
It's hard on him when he
realizes that he can't.
I'm sorry, um...
did you say Techie Poet?
Oh yeah, it's this nickname
that he got back in college.
I don't know. I told him that,
over the age of thirty,
it's questionable,
but he seems
pretty attached to it.
I'm sorry.
Would you happen to know
where Josh is right now?
I don't. Uh, I think he
said he was taking the day.
Thank you.
Nice talking to you.
This is crazy.
Why would you even think
that he'd come here?
(sighing)
Hi.
I hear congratulations
are in order.
Oh. Yeah. Thank you.
You too.
You don't have to
temper your excitement.
I know this is a
huge moment for Growing Out.
No, no. I really am
legitimately happy for you,
and that's entirely separate
from my unabashed glee
for Elisa I.
Listen, I have an insane
question to ask you,
and you might want to have me
involuntarily committed,
but I promise
there's a reason for it.
I know you're the Fairy
Godmother, Hayley.
Oh.
So, did you know during dinner
or was my freak-out on your
front steps the big reveal?
That was you freaking ou
Oh, I thought we were
having a very sweet
summer in the city moment
that could've lead to...
Oh God.
Oh no. That was all in my head.
You trying to run away when you
realized who I was. That is--
I promise, we were
having the same moment.
Just when I saw your front door,
my brain short-circuited.
If my fight or flight
response didn't tip you off,
then how did you know?
Lucy.
Yeah.
She called you the Techie Poet,
which I thought sounded really
bizarre, but then...
also right...
somehow.
I really like you.
Both versions of you,
all of you.
And I can't change my
address, and I truly can't
because it took all
my savings to buy it.
But...
I'm hoping you'll see past that.
If it's not too much to ask.
Well, I was just
walking down here
to get two pieces of tiramisu
because of this coupon
I got texted last night.
But then, I was thinking
of walking by your place
to give you a dessert
and a congratulations
and... maybe take
you out for dinner.
If that's not too much to ask.
I think that sounds... perfect.
¶
This is the strangest ending to
a fairy-tale I've ever heard of.
You think this is
the end of the story?
This is just the beginning,
my dearest Poet.
¶